# DVA227 - Projekt i Nätverksteknik

Mikael Andersson - [man16057@student.mdh.se](mailto:man16057@student.mdh.se)

Vilhelm Beijer - [vbr16001@student.mdh.se](mailto:vbr16001@student.mdh.se)

Isak Söderström - [ism16002@student.mdh.se](mailto:ism16002@student.mdh.se)

---
## Projektledare 
- Vecka 12-14 - Mikael
- Vecka 15-17 - Isak
- Vecka 18-20 - Vilhelm

---
## Gruppmötesprotokoll
- [28/2-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Gruppm%C3%B6ten/180228-Gruppm%C3%B6te-%5Bbeslut%5D.pdf)
- [22/3-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Gruppm%C3%B6ten/180322-Gruppm%C3%B6te-%5Bbeslut%5D.pdf)
- [29/3-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Gruppm%C3%B6ten/180329--Gruppm%C3%B6te.pdf)
- [06/4-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Gruppm%C3%B6ten/180406-Gruppm%C3%B6te.pdf)
- [12/4-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Gruppm%C3%B6ten/180412-Gruppm%C3%B6te.pdf)
- [20/4-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Gruppm%C3%B6ten/180420-Gruppm%C3%B6te.pdf)

---
## Projektedarmötesprotkoll
- [22/3-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Projektledarm%C3%B6ten/180322-Projektledarm%C3%B6te-1-%5Bbeslut%5D.pdf)
- [03/4-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Projektledarm%C3%B6ten/180403-Projektledarm%C3%B6te-2-%5Buppf%C3%B6ljning%5D.pdf)
- [23/4-18](https://github.com/anhility/DVA227/blob/master/Dokumentation/Arkiv/Projektledarm%C3%B6ten/180403-Projektledarm%C3%B6te-3.pdf)
